[SRVCOM-1245][srvls] Reorg Kafka docs (#32365)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-channels-creating-intro.adoc

The channel controller then creates the backing channel instance based on the `spec.channelTemplate` configuration.

> When this mechanism is used with the example above, two objects are created: a generic backing channel and an `InMemoryChannel` channel. If you are using a different default channel implementation, for example, Knative Kafka, a generic backing channel and `KafkaChannel` channel are created.

Reviewer: > ! above _adjective, adverb, preposition_
... Do not use to indicate a relative location in a document, as in "the above restrictions" or "the steps above". Use "previous" or "preceding". Examples: "The previous restrictions apply to ..."; "The preceding steps..."

This makes it sound like if you're using any other channel implementation, you get the `KafkaChannel`. Do you mean something like:

```suggestion
When this mechanism is used with the preceding example, two objects are created: a generic backing channel and an `InMemoryChannel` channel. If you are using a different default channel implementation,  the `InMemoryChannel` is replaced with one that is specific to your implementation. For example, with Knative Kafka, the `KafkaChannel` channel is created.
```

Author: Perfect, thank you
